# Repo Description
#### This repo showcases an introductory machine-learning lesson using the Q-learning algorithm. Only the agent portion of the treasure hunt game is implemented in this lesson. This lesson focuses on training an agent to efficiently find a path to the end or treasure through a maze. In doing so, students acquire exposure to implementing the Q-learning algorithm. 

# What is Q-Learning?
#### Q-learning is a model-free reinforcement learning valuable technique for finding an optimal action for a given state. Q-learning aims to maximize the value of the utilized Q-function(cite source). In other words, when an agent moves through the maze, goes out of bounds, or hits a wall, a function will deduct points using a policy-based reward system. When the agent finds the reward, positive reinforcement points are applied. With each maze run, win or lose, the implication and tips are remembered, and the agent becomes better at completing the maze. Ultimately, the most efficient route is determined.  

# How does this work apply to Computer Science?
#### Neural networks, reinforcement learning, convolutional networks, and other components of AI are based on biological human mechanisms. Computer science is creating and describing representational computational systems that exist in real life or are helpful tools to humans. Thus, reinforcement learning represents basic human behavior and how we evolve. We tend to do the things that render reward, whereas we avoid doing the things that cause implications. Thus, reinforcement learning is a model and description of this type of human behavior. 

# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
#### Computer scientists try to solve problems by first describing them. Diagrams might be used to explain complex issues. In turn, a high-level solution is proposed, outlined, and diagramed. Mathematical models might be implemented; pseudo code may also be used in the planning and before writing actual code. Different languages might be used to write code. For instance, the solution might first be written in Python and later implemented as a more robust solution in C++. Likewise, a solution might be implemented where two languages are used to perform specific tasks, such as C++ to quickly generate large amounts of data and Python to generate Graphs and visual representations of that data.

# Ethical Responsibilities of Computer Scientists.
#### Throughout history, computer scientists have built systems that have implications and changed the state of business and human lives- not always for the better. Thus, a responsible computer scientist must operate with discretion and concern for the world's safety. When building advanced systems, it is essential to remember that new technology never replaces traditional morals. 